lzop: add page (#3791)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/lzop.md

# lzop

> Compress or decompress files with LZO compression.
> More information: <https://www.lzop.org/>.

- Compress a file into a new file with the .lzo suffix:

`lzop {{file}}`

- Decompress a file:

`lzop -d {{file}}.lzo`

> - Compress a file, while specifing the compression level. 0 = Worst, 9 = Best (Default level is 3):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compress a file, while specifing the compression level (0 being worst, 9 best, and 3 default):
```

Author: FYI: I copied this line from pages/zstd.md. If the line gets changed here we should maybe also change zstd's tldr-page.

Reviewer: Then we should change it in the both files. If you want, you can do it here as well.
